Updated FDE scope in Customer Journey (#19093)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/customer-journey.md

> **TAE handoff goes to CSM, always** (above threshold). Optionally the TAE also hands to a TAM, but only when the handoff doc names the specific opportunity that justifies the layer. "Still ramping" is not a justification. 

Author: @tjcran @bendbradley from my understanding TAEs would keep hold of a customer if there is a clear expansion opportunity post initial sale, so is the TAM part of this incorrect?

Reviewer: Correct. I'll suggest an edit

> **TAE handoff goes to CSM, always** (above threshold). Optionally the TAE also hands to a TAM, but only when the handoff doc names the specific opportunity that justifies the layer. "Still ramping" is not a justification. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TAE handoff goes to CSM, always** (above threshold). Optionally, the TAE can retain the account to expand it when there is a specific opportunity that justifies the retention across a 12 month window. 
```
